Beer is ok
But other things really can
Don't worry, Lei Zhi is not taking advantage of the danger
Isn't this a little too sudden?
Oops, what can be done?
Even if something happens
You have to give the money to your grandfather for the rest of your life to grab it
That grandfather is a bit medical
It's starting to make trouble now
Who knows how much harm will come in the future
Dad, don't worry.
As long as my sister has sex with Lei She
With my sister's character of cherishing feathers
Will return with the trend and Lei Society
Well, eight or nine, I'll go
I had someone put some aphrodisiacs in the wine
What you bastard
You drugged your sister in wine
Are you crazy?
You bastard, you can't do this kind of thing
It's just your sister.
In addition to the means of physiological tissue
Do you have any better ideas?
Do you really think my sister
I will be willing to be born with you
Then you can't do it either.
Grandpa Lei Jia will soon join Kunlun's confidence
Our family married the Lei family
Berey might even fill in the Lei family's place
Become a family
Xiong Niang is going to be a thief of life
The Lei family may be the best place to hide your ears